Feature/recheck config filters (#51)
retest/docs: docs/recheck/usage/filter.md

### Plain Filters

1. Project filters in `${PROJECT_ROOT}/.retest/filter`.
2. User directory in `${USER_HOME}/.retest/filter`. *Must be created manually*.
3. Provided filters from ***recheck***. We [ship](https://github.com/retest/recheck/tree/master/src/main/resources/filter) some filters.

!!! tip
    You may overwrite filters by using the same name. They are searched top-down. That means, that filters project filters overwrite user filters, which in turn overwrite the provided filters.

### Ignore Filters

Ignores are a special kind of filters which (by default) are loaded automatically. They define that `true` ignores (i.e. hides) the specified difference, while `false` continues to use it. Furthermore, they have specific names and may be placed in either of the following locations:

1. Globally: `${PROJECT_ROOT}/.retest/`. *Will be created on first run*.
2. For each Golden Master (i.e. suite). *Must be created manually*.

> 3. **WIP**: For each step (i.e test). *Must be created manually*.

Reviewer: Not yet implemented, therefore, I suggest to remove it.

Using the default setup, that would be:
```
${PROJECT_ROOT}
+-- .retest/
|   +-- recheck.ignore (level 1)
+-- src/test/resources/retest/recheck/
    +-- ${SUITE_NAME}
        +-- recheck.ignore (level 2)
        +-- ${TEST_NAME}.${CHECK_NAME}.recheck

>             +-- recheck.ignore (level 3)

Reviewer: Again, not yet supported.

            +-- retest.xml
```

## Usage

> Filters must be specified by name and given to the `RecheckOptions` as described [here](configuration.md). That is to make them usable within different products so that no information is lost. That means, if you configure a filter within `RecheckOptions` (see below), you may want to use the same filter within ***review***, so that the reporting of the differences do not differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filters must be specified by name and given to the `RecheckOptions` as described [here](configuration.md). That is, to make them usable within different products, such that no information is lost. So, if you configure a filter within `RecheckOptions` (see below), you may want to use the same filter within ***review*** to that differences during test and review remain the same.
```

### RecheckOptions

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```java
```

RecheckOptions.builder() 
    .addIgnore( "my-custom-filter.filter" ) 
    .build();
```

```
# my-custom-filter.filter

# Define your rules here:
matcher: id=foo
```

If you do not specify an ignore like above, `Recheck` will load the default ignore files.

### Ignore

#### recheck.ignore

This is a filter file which supports rules with the syntax below. They are normal text files and can be opened by any text editor.

> This file will be updated through the UI (***review*** or ***recheck.cli***) if you ignore any elements or differences. They try their best keep your custom defined rules and custom formatting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file will be updated through the UI (***review*** or ***recheck.cli***) if you ignore any elements or differences. We try our best to keep your custom-defined rules and respect the existing formatting.
```

#### recheck.ignore.js

This is a filter file which supports dynamic rules in JavaScript, using the [Oracle Nashorn JavaScript engine](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nashorn_(JavaScript_engine))[^1]. This allows users to specify ignore rules very flexibly by using the below method:

```ts

> matches( element : Element, diff ?: AttributeDifference ) : bool;

Reviewer: Don't we allow both, `matches( element )` and `matches( element, attributeDifference )`?

Author: Technically (in plain JavaScript), If you define `function matches(element, diff)` you are able to call
```
filter.matches(element)
```
which will automatically insert null for the missing parameters. Thus we only have on method, where one parameter may be null.

However, I do not know how Nashorn handles this type of methods or how we have implemented it.

```

> ??? info "Method description"

Reviewer: I personally find this confusing and would stick to what we support, i.e., JavaScript.

Author: I thought that the TypeScript syntax might help to differentiate the parameters&mdash;especially since we have one optionel (i.e. `null`) parameter.

Author: However, I still think that&mdash;even if we do JavaScript above&mdash;, we should keep this part to have a documentation on what actually the element is (i.e. what methods and fields are there).

Reviewer: Why would you describe parts of your API in a different programming language? IMHO this should be done with proper source code documentation (e.g. JSDoc) if the underlying language lacks expressiveness. For example:

```js
/**
 * Computes whether the attribute difference should be ignored for the given element.
 * @param {Element} The element on which the difference occurred.
 * @param {AttributeDifference} The attribute difference, may be null.
 * @returns {boolean} Whether the difference should be ignored.
 */
matches( element, attributeDifference )
```

Concise and in place, what do you think?

Author: Maybe I wasn't expressing myself very well before, so I'm going to take a few steps back and explain my thought process:

1. I looked at how different JavaScript libraries do their documentation (outside of the source code) and settled with one similar to: https://lodash.com/docs/ and https://api.jquery.com/addClass/.
    They each first describe their method and then post the definition below.
1. I wanted to link the Java Objects that are behind the JavaScript parameters, so that one can look up the accessible fields&mdash;if I understood Nashorn correctly on converting Java Objects into JavaScript Objects.
1. I did not want to clutter the documentation or have side scrolling, why I put it into `???` which generates a collapsible block
1. I kinda missed the quick overview over the method description as to why I converted it to Typescript syntax.

Please do not take my hesitation as stubbornness. I get that the TypeScript might confuse people. I just think, that using JSDoc for a single line is the best use for documenting code within an actual documentation. It, however, might work as single comment lines within a class as seen in "usage".

Reviewer: Now I got it, thx. :-)

    Keep in mind that this method is only expressed in TypeScript syntax for better readability. We do not support TypeScript at the moment.

    **Arguments**:

    - `element` [(`Element`)](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/ui/descriptors/Element.java): The element on which the difference occurred.  
    - `diff` [(`AttributeDifference`)](https://github.com/retest/recheck/blob/master/src/main/java/de/retest/recheck/ui/diff/IdentifyingAttributesDifference.java): The difference, may be null.

    **Returns**:

    - `bool`: Whether the difference should be ignored.

    **Example**:

    An implementation can be found at [recheck-web](https://github.com/retest/recheck-web/blob/master/.retest/recheck.ignore.js).

## Syntax

> You may define filters in a file with the `.filter` extension that is located in one of the three locations above. Since filters are additive, evaluated top to bottom, each line represents a own filter. Thus a file may represent a group of filters that can be combined to one topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may define filters in a file with the `.filter` extension that is located in one of the two locations above. Since filters are additive, evaluated top to bottom, each line represents a separate filter. Thus, a file may represent a group of filters that can be combined to one topic (e.g. color differences).
```

!!! warning

>     If a filter (i.e. line) does not represent a valid syntax or comment, an error will be logged and the line ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If a filter (i.e. line) does not represent a valid syntax or comment, an error will be logged and the line is ignored.
```

### Comments

```text
# This is a comment. It is annotated with a '#' and encompass the full line

foo # Comment lines must start with a '#' and do not have leading whitespaces

# ^ You may define empty lines
```

### Expressions

> A filter is built up using one or multiple expressions. They may be chained using a comma with a whitespace <code>,&blank;</code>. Note that the order of the expressions is important, which is lazily executed from left to right and stop once an expression does not match anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A filter is built up using one or multiple expressions. They may be chained using a comma with a whitespace `, `. Note that the order of the expressions is important, which is lazily executed from left to right and stops once an expression does not match anymore.
```

We currently support these expressions (chained expresions are included ):

```text
$element
$attribute
$element, $attribute
```  

> ### Matching elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Matching Elements
```

Elements are identified by one special attribute `$key`, so called *identifying attributes*. If you directly match an element with no additional exprssions (e.g. attributes), all of its child elements are ignored too.

```text
# Match the element where its attribute $key fully matches the $value
matcher: $key=$value
```

| `$key`     | `$value` (Example)       | Notes                                                                                    |
| ---------- | ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `xpath`    | `html[1]/body[1]/div[1]` | Note that this does not fully support XPath queries.<br>*This is the default mechanism.* |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `xpath`    | `html[1]/body[1]/div[1]` | Note that this does only supports absolute XPaths.<br>*This is the default mechanism.* |
```

> | `retestid` | `div-b4f23`              | An unique, stable id for an element, that is generated by `Recheck`.                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `retestid` | `div-b4f23`              | A unique, stable ID for an element, that is generated by ***recheck***.                     |
```

| `type`     | `button`                 |                                                                                          |
| `id`       | `myId`                   | Supplied by ***recheck-web***                                                            |

> ### Matching attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Matching Attributes
```

You can filter specific attributes that occur in differences by their respective name.

!!! note

>     An extension specifies which *attributes* (as well as *identifying attributes*) it creates for an element and thus difference. Please refer to extensions' documentation for that information.

Reviewer: "thus difference"?

> #### By value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### By Value
```

> If you are searching for a specific name, you may define the `attribute` expression. The value specified must match fully in order for the filter to return `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are searching for a specific name, you may define the `attribute` expression. The value specified must match fully in order to let the filter return `true`.
```

```text
# Match the attribute outline only on the elements of type input
matcher: type=input, attribute: outline

# Match the attribute outline on all elements, thus removing this difference completely
attribute=outline
```

> #### By regular expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### By Regular Expression
```

Similarly, you can also use [Java's regex mechanism](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/api/java/util/regex/Pattern.html) and ignore attributes by a given pattern.

```text
# Match the attribute border-.*-color (e.g. border-bottom-color) on the elements of type input
matcher: type=input, attribute-regex: border-.*-color

# Match the attribute border-.*-color (e.g. border-bottom-color) on all elements
attribute-regex=border-.*-color
```

> ### Ignore pixel differences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ignore Pixel Differences
```

Minor visual differences (e.g. between different browser types or browser versions) can make traditional, pixel-based approaches fail, which means more manual maintenance effort. In ***recheck***, one can easily ignore pixel differences that are unimportant from a user's point of view:

```text
pixel-diff=5
pixel-diff=5.5
```

This would ignore every pixel difference (position- or size change) up to 5 pixels. You can either specify an integer or a float.

> [^1]: We are aware that this will be removed from a future JDK release and will adapt an alternative until then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: We are aware that this will be removed from a future JDK release and will provide an alternative until then.
```
